[SYCL] Repurpose SYCL_CACHE_TRACE to enable fine-grained tracing of SYCL caches (#15822)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/EnvironmentVariables.md

| `SYCL_USE_KERNEL_SPV` | Path to the SPIR-V binary | Load device image from the specified file. If runtime is unable to read the file, `sycl::runtime_error` exception is thrown. The image is assumed to have been created using the `-fno-sycl-dead-args-optimization` option. |
| `SYCL_DUMP_IMAGES` | Any(\*) | Dump device image binaries to file. Control has no effect if `SYCL_USE_KERNEL_SPV` is set. |
| `SYCL_HOST_UNIFIED_MEMORY` | Integer | Enforce host unified memory support or lack of it for the execution graph builder. If set to 0, it is enforced as not supported by all devices. If set to 1, it is enforced as supported by all devices. |

> | `SYCL_CACHE_TRACE` | Described [below](#sycl_cache_trace-options) | Enable tracing for different SYCL and `kernel_compiler` caches. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SYCL_CACHE_TRACE` | Described [below](#sycl_cache_trace-options). | Enable tracing for different SYCL and `kernel_compiler` caches. |
```

| 2 | Enable tracing of the UR calls |
| -1 | Enable all levels of tracing |

### `SYCL_CACHE_TRACE` Options

`SYCL_CACHE_TRACE` accepts a bit-mask to control the tracing of different SYCL caches. The input value is parsed as an integer and the following bit-masks are used to determine the tracing behavior:
| Bit-mask | Corresponding cache tracing |
| ------ | ----------- |
| 0x01 | Enable tracing of persistent cache |
| 0x02 | Enable tracing of in-memory cache |
| 0x04 | Enable tracing of `kernel_compiler` cache |

> Any valid combination of the above bit-masks can be used to enable/disable tracing of the corresponding caches. If the input value is not null and not a valid number, the disk cache tracing will be enabled (depreciated behavior).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any valid combination of the above bit-masks can be used to enable/disable tracing of the corresponding caches. If the input value is not 0 and not a valid number, the disk cache tracing will be enabled (deprecated behavior).
```

| 2 | Enable tracing of the UR calls |
| -1 | Enable all levels of tracing |

### `SYCL_CACHE_TRACE` Options

`SYCL_CACHE_TRACE` enables tracing of different SYCL caches and kernel_compiler. It accepts one of the values from the table below:

| Option | Description |

> | ------ | ----------- |

Reviewer 2: to me, this seems weird to list out like this.  I think it would be better to explain to the reader that the value is a bit mask,  0x01 for disk, 0x02 for memory, 0x04 for kernel_compiler. 

I'm I'm not mistaken, we have at least one other environment var which is a bitmask ( L0 USM RESIDENT?)
